So, what exactly is a node?
If you have any experience with object-oriented programming,
then Node with a capital N is like a class and node with a lowercase n is like an object.
If you don't know object-oriented programming and
all of that sounded like random words, don't worry.
This might seem a little tricky at first, but stick with me.
Capital N in Node is like the blueprint for a building.
This blueprint can have the data about the building,
which we'll call properties.
And it has a list of the building's capabilities,
which we'll call methods.
Some properties might be the color of the building,
the number of doors it has,
or the number of windows it has.
Some methods might be an alarm system that's guarding
the house or the sprinkler system that's watering the grass.
Now, let's say that this blueprint is a model for lots of real buildings.
Another word we can use instead of blueprint is interface.
An interface tells us the properties and
methods that are applied to the individual items.
Now, back to Node and nodes.
Capital N Node is the blueprint or interface with the properties and methods.
The lowercase n in nodes are the real objects built from the blueprint.
Don't worry if this is all kind of hazy.
We'll be digging into this stuff a lot more.
Actually, let's take a look at Node's properties and methods right now.